After Class 5 I learn 7 layers of the OSI Model and political and financial layer.
read materials 
https://www.webopedia.com/quick_ref/OSI_Layers.asp
Application (Layer 7)
OSI Model, Layer 7, supports application and end-user processes. 
Communication partners are identified, quality of service is identified, 
user authentication and privacy are considered, and any constraints on data syntax are identified.

Presentation (Layer 6)
This layer provides independence from differences in data representation (e.g., encryption) by translating from application to network format, and vice versa. 
The presentation layer works to transform data into the form that the application layer can accept. 
This layer formats and encrypts data to be sent across a network, providing freedom from compatibility problems. 
It is sometimes called the syntax layer.

Session (Layer 5)
This layer establishes, manages and terminates connections between applications. 
The session layer sets up, coordinates, and terminates conversations, exchanges, and dialogues between the applications at each end. 
It deals with session and connection coordination.

Transport (Layer 4)
OSI Model, Layer 4, provides transparent transfer of data between end systems, or hosts, and is responsible for end-to-end error recovery and flow control. 
It ensures complete data transfer.

Network (Layer 3)
Layer 3 provides switching and routing technologies, creating logical paths, known as virtual circuits, for transmitting data from node to node. 
Routing and forwarding are functions of this layer, as well as addressing, internetworking, error handling, congestion control and packet sequencing.

Data Link (Layer 2)
At OSI Model, Layer 2, data packets are encoded and decoded into bits. 
It furnishes transmission protocol knowledge and management and handles errors in the physical layer, flow control and frame synchronization. 

Physical (Layer 1)
OSI Model, Layer 1 conveys the bit stream - electrical impulse, light or radio signal — through the network at the electrical and mechanical level. 

And I learn 
Layer 7 used for WWW browsers, NFS, SNMP, Telnet, HTTP, FTP 
Layer 6 used for encryption, ASCII, EBCDIC, TIFF, GIF, PICT, JPEG, MPEG, MIDI.
Layer 5 used for NFS, NetBios names, RPC, SQL.
Layer 4 used for SPX, TCP, UDP. 


And I learn how to traceroute to know which router I get through to reach the target host.

