prepare 13
This class we will learn security.
And before class I learn some knowledge from preclass questionnaire.

What is Threat modeling
Threat modeling is an approach for analyzing the security of an application. 
It is a structured approach that enables you to identify, quantify, and address the security risks associated with an application.

I read 
https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/90842/attack-vector-attack-surface-vulnerability-exploit-where-is-the-difference
learn 
Vulnerability: a weakness that exposes risk. Unsantitized user inputs can pose a 'vulnerability' by a SQLi method

Exploit: the method of taking advantage of a vulnerability. The code used to send SQL commands to a web application in order to take advantage of the unsanitized user inputs is an 'exploit'.

Attack Vector: the 'route' by which an attack was carried out. SQLi is typically carried out using a browser client to the web application. 
The web application is the attack vector (possibly also the Internet, the client application, etc.; it depends on your focus).

And difference between private-key or symmetric cryptography and public-key or asymmetric cryptography
Symmetric encryption uses the same key for enciphering and deciphering the message to be transmitted .
Asymmetric encryption has 2 pairs of keys,Each pair is interrelated mathematically(usually very large prime numbers) which is the fundamentals of encryption and decryption.
one pair = Private key + public key
In this system, each user has an encryption key that is publicly known and a private key that is known only to that user.
SSH, RSA , bitcoin using  public-key cryptography.

And learn difference between encrypting a string and hashing it.
A hash is a string or number generated from a string of text. 
The resulting string or number is a fixed length, and will vary widely with small variations in input. 
example:MD5 SHA SHA-2
Encryption turns data into a series of unreadable characters, that aren't of a fixed length.

The key difference between encryption and hashing is that encrypted strings can be reversed back into their original decrypted form if you have the right key.

My question is what is Elliptic-curve cryptography, Why is been used on public-key cryptography algorithm.
